JANUARY 9TH
20-YEAR-OLDS GATHERING VENUE
[REPORTER 1] Do you feel like
you've become an adult?
[REPORTER 2] Have you had
your first alcoholic drink yet?
Recently, Mai
rumors spread
on social media are claiming
that you are the internet singer
Touko Kirishima.
Is there any truth
to these bold claims?
I've seen those rumors
but unfortunately, no
I'm sorry
if that disappoints anyone.
If you don't believe me
I could show you my schedule
if that would prove it to you.
I'm busy enough as it is.
I couldn't possibly fit
in a music career
on top of everything else
Uh...
I'll have to confirm
with the higher-ups about that.
[reporters laughing]
[REPORTER 3] What do you think
about Miss Touko Kirishima?
[REPORTER 4]
Do you believe the rumor
about dreams coming true?
[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
REINDEER'S WORK
[Mai on TV]
No, I am not Touko Kirishima.
JANUARY 16TH
[REPORTER] And so
and official comments
from the agency
they have openly denied
these rumors.
But as you can see
by the buzz
generated on several
social media platforms
there are still posts by
believers of the Dreaming tag
that has gone viral.
And now, we just need to have
the real one step forward
to clear this mess up.
[TOUKO] Good morning.
Oh, hey there. Good morning.
What are you doing
on the university campus today?
Attending lectures, obviously.
Even though you're invisible?
Well, yeah. I am still
a college student, you know.
I saw
the Coming-of-Age day interview.
So, make sure
to leave the 30th open.
Like I promised
I'll go on that date with you.
-Hey, Toyohama.
-Huh?
Hypothetically
in the scene right now
started attending
our university tomorrow
what would you think?
Well, for starters
Yeah, I guess you wouldn't.
Even if I wasn't conscious
of them, everywhere I go
people would constantly
compare us as idols.
It would suck if they were
pitying you on the outside.
All the while they're actually
laughing at you in their hearts.
-Ow!
-You picking a fight with me?
What is this?
You want to talk about
how my big sis is in the wrong?
Do you really think I'd talk
about something like that?
I get the basic idea of what
you're trying to get at, though.
Thing is
when I first came here
What sort of girls?
The ones that were
likely considered
the prettiest girl
up until around high school.
But when
they entered university
Big Sis was there.
So everything became confusing.
They didn't know their place
in the world
and lost sight
of their identity.
And what about you?
What about me?
You're the president
of the Victims of Mai Club
-aren't you?
-Stop making weird clubs!
As for me
I think Big Sis
is out of my reach.
Even if I try my best
Big Sis lives in a completely
different world than I do
so I can't even imagine it.
There's no way I could.
So, Sakuta...
Hmm?
I want you
to always be Big Sister's ally.
Yeah, of course.
JANUARY 30TH
The story that
Santa Claus gets around
on a sleigh pulled by reindeer
is false, huh?
Why have you been
looking outside this whole time?
I was just wondering
how other people are seeing
the situation
we're in right now.
Perhaps, it looks like
the perfect
Mai Sakurajima's boyfriend
is seeing some other woman
on the down-low.
If they could
actually see you, Kirishima
maybe they would
be thinking that.
Oh, yeah.
Do you happen to be dating
anybody at this time?
I was until spring.
As I'm sure you know
even my own boyfriend
stopped perceiving me then.
[SAKUTA] May I ask how long
you were dating that person?
[TOUKO] Since sophomore year.
[SAKUTA]
So, you started dating back
when you were
in Hokkaido, right?
In other words
started claiming
to be Touko Kirishima.
Since it was with someone
in Hokkaido
you two had a long-distance
relationship after high school?
We applied for
our university together
but he didn't get accepted
even after trying for two years.
So what is he doing now?
Third time's the charm
He started attending
this spring.
Wait, so he put in
all that effort
and then he lost his ability
to perceive you, Kirishima?
That's what happened.
What is his major?
Statistical science.
Is it possible
that it's someone I know?
Fukuyama, right?
Does Fukuyama know that
Touko Kirishima's true identity
is Nene Iwamizawa?
[TOUKO] He doesn't.
But he is perceiving
the existence
of Touko Kirishima.
So then, why isn't he able
to see you, Kirishima?
[TOUKO] Probably because
he doesn't know
that I'm Touko Kirishima.
Isn't it more likely
that it's 'cause
you're still Nene Iwamizawa
in Fukuyama's mind?
So what if I am, huh?
Here. Go buy this.
I never knew Santa's presents
were procured in Motomachi.
So much for the elves.
We're going to the next place.
[SAKUTA]
Where are we heading to?
A YEAR-ROUND CHRISTMAS SHOP
We're here.
This is it.
[SAKUTA] Looks like a house
that Santa might live in.
328 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS
[spring door bell rings]
Help me with finding
a tin reindeer
a palm sized one.
Are you looking for something?
Does your store
have any tin reindeer?
Oh.
I think you mean that one.
There have been
a few people lately
that have come in to buy this.
Here.
Thank you.
That'll put an end
to our little date.
Wait, are you giving this to me?
Pass it along to Takumi, please.
Hold on.
Why don't we go hand it
to him together right now?
Today's Fukuyama's birthday
That's why
you went out of your way
to choose today, right?
It's useless to try.
Takumi won't be able to see me.
He might be able to, today.
But he couldn't
Maybe things
will be different this time.
This is none of your business!
Look, I really want you
to hurry up
and stop being invisible.
That way, you can announce
and clear up this mess.
That's for your
girlfriend's sake, isn't it?
You are aware
that there are people out there
that still think Mai
is Touko Kirishima, aren't you?
You and
your girlfriend's problems
have nothing to do with me.
Why should I have to
do something to fix it?
Because the thing
you desire more than anything
is to keep being
Touko Kirishima.
As it stands
Lend me your smartphone.
You have Fukuyama's number
You bought him a present
in the first place
hoping for some sort
of reaction, right?
And I assume
that scarf Fukuyama wears
was also a present from you
It's from his first birthday
after we started dating.
It's so tattered.
He should just buy another one.
It's precious to him
because it was something
his girlfriend gave him.
Even though
he can't even see me anymore?
If you're going to complain
[cell phone buzzing]
Hello?
Fukuyama?
It's me, Azusagawa.
What? Hold on.
Why are you calling me?
Are you at home right now?
Actually, I'm on my way
to the airport.
Wait, are you heading back
to Hokkaido by chance?
Yeah.
There is a bit
of trouble up there.
So, what you want?
Fukuyama, you said it's
your birthday today, right?
I did say that.
[SAKUTA] Then wait for me
at the airport.
There's something
I'd like to give you.
So, did you first meet Fukuyama
in high school?
[TOUKO] We went
to the same middle school too.
What do you like most
about Fukuyama?
You've been asking
a lot of questions.
If you want
to know what I think
what's great about him
is how he's never considerate
when he doesn't have to be.
He just says
whatever he wants to.
Like what?
Well, for example
and I had just met him.
He was the first
to ask if I was dating Mai.
It took him forever
to finally ask me out
but he was always able
to do dumb stuff like that.
[SAKUTA] For instance?
[TOUKO] Back in middle school
there was a boy
that moved up from Tokyo.
Rumors spread
through the entire school
that he had refused
to attend class.
Everyone was hesitant
about talking to him.
But Takumi was the only one who
didn't care about any of that.
So he was the first one
to talk to the boy.
Oh, wow.
That's pretty cool of him.
It's thanks
to that transfer student
I think
that I really noticed Takumi.
He's been going to matchmaking
parties back-to-back lately
so you should give him
a proper scolding.
If Takumi can see me
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
[panting]
[approaching footsteps]
Wow. You actually came.
What, you didn't believe me?
This is so out of the blue.
I thought
it was some kind of joke.
Takumi.
Anyway, I'm sorry
you came all the way here
but I don't really
have much time.
[TOUKO] Listen, Takumi.
Look at me!
I've gotta go screen
my carry-on luggage soon
or I'll be in deep trouble.
Hey, Fukuyama.
That scarf you're wearing
do you remember
who gave it to you?
Who gave it to me?
Uh, mm. Hold up.
Actually, how did I get it?
Listen, Fukuyama
that you've been dating
since high school.
[laughs] What?
Stop joking around, man.
[SAKUTA] I'm being serious.
It's a present you got
from your girlfriend.
Uh, sorry.
I really don't get whatever
it is you're talking about.
That's because
you've forgotten about her.
To be more precise
to perceive her.
You can't remember
who gave you that scarf, right?
That proves it.
I can't remember, but still...
I'm not lying to you.
You really do have a girlfriend
you've been dating
since high school.
You've known her
since middle school.
You asked her out in your
second year of high school.
Her name is Nene Iwamizawa.
Yeah, sorry
but you're just
not making any sense, man.
You're telling me I was really
dating a cute girl?
[SAKUTA] That scarf
you've got on is proof.
Uh
Sorry to say this
but I'm still struggling
to follow.
Really think hard about it
one more time.
[announcement] Passengers for
Flight 555 bound for...
[TAKUMI] I'm sorry, man.
I gotta get going now!
Wait, Fukuyama!
I know this is all
really hard to believe
but I swear
that I'm telling you the truth!
Don't worry about it, Azusagawa.
I know you're
an honest guy when it counts.
Thanks for seeing me off.
[sighs]
Uh, huh?
Kirishima?
FEBRUARY 1ST
-[thuds]
-[both gasp]
[sighs]
I don't know
what I'm going to do.
Looking pretty glum, chum.
What's wrong?
[SAKUTA] So, you go
to that driving school too, huh?
Already got
my provisional license.
Oh, actually
I was wanting you
to take a look at this for me.
[♪ piano music playing]
[singing]
Isn't this our university's
concert hall?
It's from when Nene Iwamizawa
won the Miss Campus contest.
I think it's a segment where
they showcase their talents.
This is a Touko Kirishima song
[MIORI] The number of views
is amazing too.
MISS CUY CONTEST SPECIAL SKILL
SHOWCASE[NENE IWAMIZAWA]
ISN'T SHE LIKE TOUKO KIRISHIMA?
IS IT THE ORIGINAL?
IT'S TOO GOOD.
Looks like the last comment
on the video was made in April.
Remember what we talked about?
That's when everyone
stopped perceiving her.
So...
What about the same song
sung by Touko Kirishima?
Yep, that'd be this one.
[same song playing]
[SAKUTA] Wow, Mito.
You really did your research.
[MIORI] It's 'cause the fact
that there's a person out there
that only you and I can see
is pretty creepy
Just from listening
to this version
even I'm convinced that
Iwamizawa's Touko Kirishima.
[gasps]
And that's not
the only thing I found either.
There are over a hundred videos
exactly like these ones.
TOUKO KIRISHIMA "SOMEONE" COVER
[clicks]
[singing]
And every single video
has comments like
"You sound
just like the real deal."
Though the time frame
is all over the place
at a certain point
stop getting comments
altogether.
Wait, you're saying
that all these people
aren't getting perceived
anymore either?
[volume increases]
I tried to tell the director
I really think we need to be
more conscious of our numbers.
Well, in a way
If that's the case
This is a problem.
[door opens, closes]
I am really
in a major bind now.
-[phone ringing]
-Oh!
Yeah, yeah.
All right, I'm coming.
Yes? Azusagawa here.
Oh, it's me, Fukuyama.
What's wrong?
Did something happen?
Sorry about all the confusion
at the airport.
In the end
what you were trying
to tell me.
It's fine. I wasn't bothered.
But you were saying
there was some trouble?
I hope it wasn't anything
too serious.
You doing okay?
Yeah, well, I thought
I'd tell you more about that.
You see
I got word
from Hokkaido yesterday
that one of
my middle school classmates
died in a traffic accident.
Was it someone you knew well?
We were pretty close
in middle school.
He moved to my town from Tokyo
back in our second year.
I didn't want
to miss the funeral
so I was kind of rushing.
No. Sorry I bothered you.
Were you able
to give a proper farewell?
Yeah.
I started bawling
midway through
and all my old classmates
totally saw and laughed at me.
And you called
just to tell me that?
Well, there was that too but...
I heard something
really strange
from the classmates
that gathered there.
Something strange?
About #Dreaming.
Apparently, my friend
that got in the accident
he didn't have a dream
on the night of Christmas Eve.
[gasps]
You know how people believe
that the dreams are like
windows into the future?
So, they came up with the idea
that the fact he didn't
have a dream was...
because he was dead
in the future.
I... I'm sure
there's no way it's true
but I thought you'd mentioned
Sakurajima didn't
have a dream either
so I thought
I should let you know.
[SAKUTA] I don't think
that's the case
but thank you very much
for informing me.
Uh, why are you being
so polite?
Because, Fukuyama
I'm the type
that respects my elders.
Huh?
After all, you are older
than me, aren't you?
By two years?
How'd you figure that out?
I didn't say anything!
I heard it
from a certain someone
that knows you very intimately.
Wait, could that person be
the supposed girlfriend
that you were trying
to tell me I had at the airport?
Yes.
[groans]
Then I really have forgotten
something important, huh?
If you're really starting
to believe what I told you
please do whatever it takes
to remember her.
Fukuyama
your girlfriend also said
that she didn't have a dream.
What?
She may be in
a dangerous situation as well.
Seriously?
Seriously.
But, of course, my mind is
filled with thoughts of Mai.
So I'll leave your girlfriend
up to you.
If I do something about it
do you promise to stop with
that creepy, polite talk?
Yes, I promise you.
That gives me some motivation.
I'll see you later.
[line ringing]
-[clicks]
-[MAI] Sakuta? What's wrong?
-Oh, Mai.
-What?
[voice trembling]
I want to see you right now.
Oh, what perfect timing.
[doorbell rings]
Now open the door.
It's cold out here.
[approaching footsteps]
What's the matter with you?
[SAKUTA] Mai.
What's going on?
I promise, Mai
I will protect you.
[MAI] Then I promise, Sakuta
I'll protect you too.
[phone ringing]
[phone clicks]
[AUTOMATED VOICE] Connecting
to voicemail service.
[beeps]
SANTA
I called
because there's something
I'd like you
to help me out with.
On February 3rd, please come
to the following location.
Kanazawa district
of Yokohama...
FEBRUARY 3RD
I think this is the right place.
[doorbell rings]
01 IWAMIZAWA
Hey, I came here
just like you asked.
Here. Throw those away
downstairs for me, okay?
Thank you.
[doorbell rings]
Took you long enough.
Wouldn't you normally start
by saying thanks first?
Thanks. You're a lifesaver.
That, and also
should you be
throwing this away?
MISS CUY CONTEST
64TH GRAND PRIZE
Wasn't this something
precious to you, Kirishima?
What are you talking about?
Hurry up and come inside.
[door closes]
Hmm? [gasps]
You're not gonna stand there
all day, are you?
Come on, sit down. I need you
to help me build this thing.
Aren't boys supposed to be good
with this kind of stuff?
I think there are probably guys
who aren't good at it too.
You know how the dreaming tag
caused a big deal online
last Christmas?
What about it?
Well, Kirishima
you told me that
you didn't have a dream.
[TOUKO] Yeah, just like
your girlfriend, you said.
I happened to hear
a strange rumor.
Apparently, the people
who didn't have a dream
didn't have them because
they didn't exist in the future.
That would mean...
They're dead by that point.
And it's not just a rumor.
There really was
someone who died.
[TOUKO] Is it someone you know?
[SAKUTA] No.
It's someone you know.
Back in middle school
there was a boy
who moved up from Tokyo, right?
I don't know
about anyone like that.
Fukuyama was in a rush
at the airport
so he could
hurry back to Hokkaido
and attend
that person's funeral.
And who is this Fukuyama?
Wait, what?
You know, Takumi Fukuyama.
He's your boyfriend.
I have no idea
who you're talking about.
He's someone you've been dating
since back
when you lived in Hokkaido.
I'm telling you
And I'm telling you
the guy you dated
as Nene Iwamizawa.
Now another name
I don't recognize.
[gasps]
Okay, who is this Iwamizawa?
What do you mean?
That's your name!
What have you been talking about
this entire time?
My name is Touko Kirishima.
I've already told you that.
[RIO] Sounds like
you're dealing with
another strange course
of events.
Yeah, I know.
That's why I'm consulting you.
First things first.
Let's talk about
the Santa Claus room.
Just now, Himeji told me that
there's always items that have
something to do with Christmas
on the screen
in Touko Kirishima videos.
Perhaps Nene Iwamizawa
caught note of that
and started collecting
those same items.
[SAKUTA] For what purpose?
To become Touko Kirishima
If you were Touko Kirishima
it would be a contradiction
not to have the belongings
that you should own
Well...
And if she really is
that particular
about being Touko Kirishima
then that would mean that
Sakurajima could be
in serious danger.
What do you mean?
All over social media
Sakurajima
is the most likely candidate
to be the true identity of
Touko Kirishima, aren't they?
In other words
for Nene Iwamizawa
to be Touko Kirishima
Mai needs to be taken out.
You mentioned before
that during the "police chief
for a day" event tomorrow
Sakurajima
is going to be involved
in some sort of accident
Yeah. In the dream Koga had
or rather, in her simulation
of the future.
It's possible that
I may be overthinking this
but with her being
an invisible person right now
she could get away
with anything.
FIND TOUKO KIRISHIMA
MAI-SAN IS IN DANGER!
I guess that means
I'll just have to settle
the score by tomorrow then.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
[TAKUMI] Oh, Azusagawa
NEXT EPISODE
NO DREAMS OF SANTA CLAUS